SILVER CROSS DETECTIVE AGENCY efweafrawerfawfeawefawefawdfawwefaeawefawefaegrrthtyhrtgaewdawedsrgetghrdyhjiuolp;olfrdeswdefriolswiukaqwsikjutygfrdeswaswikjuerwsdertyuytgerdwertyuirtfertyu

Silver Cross Agency                     Elizabeth Louie  1/6/2015
Mystery Book Title: Loot
Author: Jude Watson
Locations: The Dominick Penthouse, Mike Shannon’s House, San Francisco, Museum of Natural History, Amsterdam,

	In this mystery, March’s father, a notorious jewel thief, fell down a rooftop in Amsterdam and died. But not before he told March, “Find jewels in a month.” March finds out that he has a twin sister, Julia, who’s nickname is Jules. And that is not all that Alfie McQuin left him. Many years ago, seven moonstones predicted that the twins will die together before their thirteenth birthday, which was coming up fast. Alfie also left him a pack of marked cards, a New York City key, a list of words, a piece of paper advertising for a band, and a book called “The Moonstone”. If they find all seven moonstones and return them to Carlotta Grimstone, they would get seven million dollars and reverse their fate.
	The marked cards and the book made a code that spelled out: Hein Mulder, Michelle Westlake, Dolores Leon, Blanche Pottage, and Renee Rooter. When March pops open the key, he finds the words “Track 61”, which was an abandoned railroad line. On the side of the tracks, there were the words: “Matt Henneberry come home, DOMINICK PH”. Matt Henneberry was his codename. March already had one as a present from their father. With help from Darius and Izzy, they tried to steal the Dolores Leon’s necklace that had two magic moonstones embedded in it at the Museum of Natural History, but the stones were stolen by Oscar Ford, Alfie’s partner-in-crime. Next, the team went to the hotel called The Dominick. Turns out Oscar Ford was living in the penthouse. While Izzy created a distraction by fake-vomiting, March and Julia slips in and finds…a home of their own, complete with all of their favorite foods, bands, you name it. Afterwards, Izzy comes in and hacks into the phone Oscar Ford was using and finds two text messages. One was from an anonymous sender and said: “Interesting headline. Only four to go.” Four meant moonstones, and the headline of a newspaper talked about the robbery of Dolores Leon’s necklace. Oscar replied: “On ice”. March and Julia, knowing what that meant, rush to the freezer, rip open a bag of frozen peas, and find the three moonstones Oscar had obtained thus far. After that, they were stopped by Detective Mike Shannon, who wants Oscar Ford brought to justice and half of the seven million dollars. Then, they flew to San Francisco and stole the moonstone from Gigi-poo’s(Blanche’s dog)collar. The gang go to FX, a tipster in buisness, and he tells them that the last moonstone that Renee had was sold in an auction and bought by Detective Mike Shannon. FX also show them “The Secrets of Merlin” that said that their fate can be reversed by spinning the stone counterclockwise and releasing them.The gang go to the detective’s house to steal the last moonstone. The detective was ready and waiting for them, having rigged the house to close all windows and exits upon their arrival. March steals the moonstone, but Mike calls 911 and said he could get away with murder because “it was dark, there was an intruder in his house and he had every right to defend himself”. March and Julia lower themselves to the ground with drapers when they bash open a window. With every moonstone gathered and put into March’s pocket, they become heavier and heavier, as March and Julia get recurring nightmares of falling together into black water below. When March and the gang were hitchhiking a train, he slipped and almost fell of the train and died, because the moonstones were dragging him down. Julia told March to put the stones in his backpack and give it to her. Then, when they were distracted, she took off, leaving them behind. Turns out she knew where the last moonstone was. When Alfie gave it to her, in a fit of anger she sewed it into a Blue’s(her aunt)hat at the circus she was from. Julia ran to the next show Blue was in(Particle Zoo)and tried to steal the hat. But she was too late. When March caught up with her, Blue was convincing Julia to give her the moonstones with Oscar Ford looking on. Blue ended her argument by appealing to Julia about family. Julia, won over, gave Blue the moonstones and watched in horror as Blue tossed them to Oscar. The team went to the surface, Julia sobbing. March decides to use the old bait-and-switch, and got Hamish, Alfie’s jewel dealer, to be an authenticate the stones for Carlotta Grimstone once they reached the meeting spot. Hamish said the stones were fake, Izzy hid in the darkness and switched the stones for seven ordinary moonstones and tossed it to March. They escaped up to a ledge overhanging a lake. The moonstones became heavier and heavier in March’s pocket. Julia slips and falls, but March catches her with a circus grip. He spins the stones and let them fly out into the moonlight, and they disappear into the water. He lifts Julia up, and they celebrate their 13th birthday. March and Julia go to Dono and pick up a package using the cards in March’s deck as a pass. The package contained a pair of socks, briefs, a t-shirt, a toothbrush and toothpaste, a soap dish, and an old-fashioned razor. March scraped away the soap, and found the Makepeace Diamond from Alfie’s most famous heist. He sold it, and got twenty million dollars.
	March and Julia were the leading detectives in this whole thing, especially March. They were the ones that had the curse attached to them. Izzy was also important, because she hacked into electronics to look for clues.

Signed________________________________