Elizabeth Louie
Mrs. Henry
Huckleberries - English 11
December 28, 2017
Summary: In a Complex Tax Bill, Let the Hunt for Loopholes Begin
	The New York Times article titled “In a Complex Tax Bill, Let the Hunt for Loopholes Begin,” by Natalie Kitroeff described the situation with the new tax bill by relating it to a previous regulation. This article focused on the problems that the tax cut in 2004 had and comparing it to possible issues with the tax bill signed on Friday. The article first examined the newest tax bill, which lowers the taxes on pass-through income, which is only applicable to partnerships and other businesses. This was intended to help smaller companies. Even so, the language of the bill could give advantages for real estate developers, thereby giving a tax reprieve for any company that uses a building for their business.
	Furthermore, the article zeroed in on the tax cut for manufacturers in 2004, which was supposed to help the manufacturers in America compete with those that utilize resources abroad, to compare the different items of legislation. However, this bill (also known as the domestic production activities deduction) was poorly worded, and it created a huge loophole that many companies took advantage of. The bill gave a rather vague description of “manufacturing”, which allowed the corporations to shape it in any way they wished. For example, Dan Maguire, a chief financial officer for Houdini Inc., created one of the largest challenges for the deductions. Houdini Inc. is a company that creates assortments out of foods such as wine and chocolate. Mr. Maguire believe that this arrangement counted as manufacturing, and filed for the deduction. The I.R.S gave him a refund of about $300,000, but then returned and asked for the money. When Houdini Inc. refused, the I.R.S sued them. Several federal lawyers stated that just putting together a bunch of ingredients does not mean it is manufacturing. Unfortunately, the case was against them because the deduction defined manufacturing as “combining or assembling two or more articles”. Additionally, Houdini Inc. argued that the company had a complete manufacturing system with assembly lines and conveyer belts. The case concluded with Houdini Inc. being allowed to continue claiming the deduction, which saved over $5 million for the company.
	The article closes with an emphasis on the similar problems that the new bill may face. It portrays corporations as entities that endeavor to find ways to twist tax cuts to their benefit. Although this bill repeals the 2004 tax cut, it was created in a shorter time frame than the 2004 tax deduction, and could bring in additional difficulties and loopholes. Since the 2004 tax deduction cost the government $90 million, this new bill could cost even more.

Analysis: In a Complex Tax Bill, Let the Hunt for Loopholes Begin
	The issues in the article, “In a Complex Tax Bill, Let the Hunt for Loopholes Begin,” is related to the Personal vs. Communal root, namely how the restrictions that the government places affect us and how we respond to them. According to the article, citizens are always looking for ways to circumvent the taxes that the government enforces, even when the money is going into an institution that is beneficial for the people as a whole. For example, Connie Cheng, a tax managing director, said: “That’s the nature of tax in general. Every time you write a rule, there are people out there who think about ‘How do we get creative with it, and how do we get around it?’” This quote states that taxes are rules that some people feel should be exploited, and thereby gain some form of success from it. In the previous tax deduction case, Houdini Inc. profited greatly from the usage of the deduction, even in a way that is semi-questionable. However, this detracts from the success of the government. This displays the balance between the government and the citizens, and how the government’s power comes from the people.